## 2026-07-06

### The actual starting point

I started my journey towards Presentation Mastery before I'd even started my journey as a Toastmaster. My very first presentation was on November 14, 2022. I gave a presentation that presaged my dissertation and research work at a conference called the 9-1-1 Early Adopters' Summit in Arlington, Texas. I don't remember the speech or the slide deck, I just knew that the audience and I had radically different ideas about the success of the presentation. I knew that I needed to be prepared to give more presentations in the future. After all, I had a dissertation coming up in 18 months or so.

About the same time as my next presentation in April of 2023, my wife suggested that I find a Toastmasters club and join it. Her grandmother, Florence Mann, was a Toastmaster and my wife said that her gram had told her that it benefitted her career. I gave it a go and found a very welcoming group. After I joined, I started Pathways and selected Presentation Mastery as my starting point. I nearly chose Speaking with Humor, but I was afraid of the dad jokes getting out of control.

That presentation in Williamsburg, right as I was joining Toastmasters, was a humbling experience. I was certainly still learning and the presentation showed it. This time, my audience was polite, but we all knew that there was a ton of room for improvement. It felt odd because I can speak at length, one-on-one, on data analytics and data usage in 9-1-1 centers, but put me in front of more than one person and I was lost. In fact, in between Arlington and Williamsburg, I travelled to Clearwater, Florida for a national convention and I was deathly afraid to speak in my presentations. I asked better questions than I answered as a presenter. My most vivid memory was sitting in my hotel room rewriting papers because I had a professor who hated my topic choices. Talk about memorable presentations.

Slowly, over speeches about baseball, cricket, and 9-1-1 data, I started learning how to be more confident in my abilities. As 2024, rolled around, I avoided Clearwater, but I went back to Williamsburg for another state-wide conference. This one went much better. I had enough confidence to invite colleagues who I admire to listen in. One of them did and I survived. At the same time, I have a colleague from the consultancy space who wanted to give a joint presentation with me at NENA's national convention in Orlando on data analysis in the center. Since she was formerly a center manager, we decided to give it as a "call and response" where she would ask questions and make comments and I take her questions and tell her what the data said. That was the first time I tried a live coding demo in the middle of a presentation. There were glitches, but overall, it was a good experience. Good enough, she wanted to do it again the next year.

During the time between Williamsburg and Orlando, I felt the first changes in my presentations. I could feel my confidence building. I recognized that part of it was finding my voice and my space. As a speaker, that's a big challenge. I proved, long ago, that I know the material. Nobody in my industry has ever questioned whether or not I know what I'm talking about. I was sought out as an expert for working groups because I know the material. The first step was finding my space. The trip to Orlando helped to solidify that because I was asked to join a working group that needed a researcher. My space was established, so next came my voice. I had been speaking on data in 9-1-1 for several presentations now and I was developing detailed reporting structures, so there was my voice. I became the voice of advocacy for data in 9-1-1 and for more advanced analytics beyond the canned reports that already existed. I could advocate for better analytics in centers of every size. I could develop ways to distribute those analytics better.

I was glad that I found my voice when I did because I had something even bigger looming on the horizon. For most of the last year, I'd been quietly writing my dissertation. That also meant that I had something else to prepare for; the defense. If the stress of writing a dissertation isn't enough, as Dr. Lewis knows all too well, there is an additional component that, to me, is even more stressful. I was facing summarizing my 175 page document into a 45 minute presentation. The challenge is that you really are the expert in the room, you know your research subject better than the panel, but they likely know the general topic better than you do. 

