## 2026-07-06

### The actual starting point

I started my journey towards Presentation Mastery before I'd even started my journey as a Toastmaster. My very first presentation was on November 14, 2022. I gave a presentation that presaged my dissertation and research work at a conference called the 9-1-1 Early Adopters' Summit in Arlington, Texas. I don't remember the speech or the slide deck, I just knew that the audience and I had radically different ideas about the success of the presentation. I knew that I needed to be prepared to give more presentations in the future. After all, I had a dissertation coming up in 18 months or so.

About the same time as my next presentation in April of 2023, my wife suggested that I find a Toastmasters club and join it. Her grandmother, Florence Mann, was a Toastmaster and my wife said that her gram had told her that it benefitted her career. I gave it a go and found a very welcoming group. After I joined, I started Pathways and selected Presentation Mastery as my starting point. I nearly chose Speaking with Humor, but I was afraid of the dad jokes getting out of control.

That presentation in Williamsburg, right as I was joining Toastmasters, was a humbling experience. I was certainly still learning and the presentation showed it. This time, my audience was polite, but we all knew that there was a ton of room for improvement. It felt odd because I can speak at length, one-on-one, on data analytics and data usage in 9-1-1 centers, but put me in front of more than one person and I was lost. In fact, in between Arlington and Williamsburg, I travelled to Clearwater, Florida for a national convention and I was deathly afraid to speak in my presentations. I asked better questions than I answered as a presenter. My most vivid memory was sitting in my hotel room rewriting papers because I had a professor who hated my topic choices. Talk about memorable presentations.

Slowly, over speeches about baseball, cricket, and 9-1-1 data, I started learning how to be more confident in my abilities. As 2024, rolled around, I avoided Clearwater, but I went back to Williamsburg for another state-wide conference. This one went much better. I had enough confidence to invite colleagues who I admire to listen in. One of them did and I survived. At the same time, I have a colleague from the consultancy space who wanted to give a joint presentation with me at NENA's national convention in Orlando on data analysis in the center. Since she was formerly a center manager, we decided to give it as a "call and response" where she would ask questions and make comments and I take her questions and tell her what the data said. That was the first time I tried a live coding demo in the middle of a presentation. There were glitches, but overall, it was a good experience. Good enough, she wanted to do it again the next year.

During the time between Williamsburg and Orlando, I felt the first changes in my presentations. I could feel my confidence building. I recognized that part of it was finding my voice and my space. As a speaker, that's a big challenge. I proved, long ago, that I know the material. Nobody in my industry has ever questioned whether or not I know what I'm talking about. I was sought out as an expert for working groups because I know the material. The first step was finding my space. The trip to Orlando helped to solidify that because I was asked to join a working group that needed a researcher. My space was established, so next came my voice. I had been speaking on data in 9-1-1 for several presentations now and I was developing detailed reporting structures, so there was my voice. I became the voice of advocacy for data in 9-1-1 and for more advanced analytics beyond the canned reports that already existed. I could advocate for better analytics in centers of every size. I could develop ways to distribute those analytics better.

I was glad that I found my voice when I did because I had something even bigger looming on the horizon. For most of the last year, I'd been quietly writing my dissertation. That also meant that I had something else to prepare for; the defense. If the stress of writing a dissertation isn't enough, as Dr. Lewis knows all too well, there is an additional component that, to me, is even more stressful. I was facing summarizing my 175 page document into a 45 minute presentation. The challenge is accepting that you are the expert in the room about your own research. Your task it to explain it to three highly-educated experts in their own rights. Prior to the defense, my dissertation supervisor recommended that I do a dry run with him. While I heeded his advice, I took it one step further and invited my fellow Toastmasters to a second rehearsal. My thought was simple, he would give advice on content, they would give advice on delivery. 

His rehearsal went well. I was a bit over time and I found the accelerator too tempting to press. However, he only had a couple of notes of things to ensure that I emphasized in my formal presentation. Of course I took notes and used them. I felt that I got more from my fellow Toastmasters in their hearing. Thank you again to Mike, Cynthia, and Basheer for listening and giving me such valuable feedback. They helped me see how to master the cadence, the pace, and ensure that the highlights were just that, the highlights. Between them and my wife, I felt prepared to defend my dissertation. Then, as the day arrived, my old friend, anxiety, paid a visit. My pacing started to get away from me with his influence, but I quickly got it under control. At the end, there were only 2 questions in the Q&A before I was kicked out so they could deliberate. Now, for those who don't know, you're waiting with Mr. Anxiety waiting to hear if you did well enough to pass clean or pass with minor revisions. They told me, after 10 minutes, they were ready to deliver the verdict. I was certain I'd failed. I had heard so many horror stories, including my supervisor's story, that documented wait times of 30 minutes to 2 hours. There was no way I passed. My wife and my eldest daughter, both in the audience, begged to differ. To them, and I still say they were biased, I'd nailed it. Well, they were right and Dr. Dunsworth emerged from a successful defense. 

Now, fellow Toastmasters, you might be noticing a pattern in this speech. In fact, I hope that you have. I will give you the reveal in a moment. Until then, my presaging story should tell you what I really mastered on this pathway.

The next year, last year on the calendar, showed how much I have grown as a speaker and a presenter. January saw me on a train ride to Clearwater, covering my notes for the 5 presentations that I had to deliver, all in concert with others. All talking about how data and standards development were going to improve operations in 9-1-1 centres. I thought that was my coming-out party. It wasn't. Then came being the initial presenter at a 9-1-1 summit in Ashland, Virginia. Speaking first, right after the intro is scary. But I heard every following speech refer back to mine, including the keynote speaker. Was that my arrival? Maybe it was, but in July 2025, I went back "home" to Long Beach, CA for the first time in a quarter century to speak with my colleague Jenna about developing an analytical framework for 9-1-1 centres. Jenna has a running joke during our intros that her main reason for being there was to translate me into English for everyone else. 

Now, when I give presentations, I ask if there are any Toastmasters in the audience right before I start. I ask for any evaluation, formal or informal. I had a friend and colleague from Fulton County, GA who volunteered. At the end of my presentation with Jenna, I had a line 17 people deep, either thanking me or congratulating me. Jenna had 1 person in front of her, my Georgia Toastmaster. She politely advised Jenna that I proved that I didn't need a translator. I think that was my arrival notice. 

My next step in mastery would come two months later on my old home turf in Overland Park, Kansas. During an important presentation that was discussing an upcoming survey. and census project that I'm a part of, one of our colleagues hijacked the conversation to talk about other topics that were important and were covered later in the program. In January of this year, I spoke to that colleague when his company took me out to dinner. His profuse apology and understanding, coupled with my presentation, months earlier, that didn't miss a beat, showed me that my pathway to mastery in presentations had been successful. I'd mastered the most important part of the presentation. I mastered myself. I can give a presentation, handle a tough audience, deal with interruptions, and enhance my professional relationships. Along the way, I've learned a little bit about how to build artifacts for my presentations and find better ways to include my sense of humour. Thank you to everyone who has been a part of that journey. I'm looking forward to what I do next.


