# 2025-12-24

Some days, well most days, I wish that any Christmas Fey would come from my court and hit me in the head to instil the spirit of the season into me. I see Ellen's point. After 2019 and the scare from hell, my Yuletide spirit declined dramatically. I don't fully understand why. I know that I've never been one for the season since I was a kid. Face it, my upbringing made this a stressful time of the year.

That's not fair to Ellen. or anyone else for that matter. Especially her, because this is her favourite time of the year. We don't decorate any more. Not by her choice, but by my inertia. Each year, I promise to do better. Each year, I find another reason not to. She's given up trying. I think that's what hurts both of us the worst. She has learned to give up on something that brought her joy because I won't participate. She wants to share. That's never in doubt. She loves involving me in the poundcakes and the secret elf deliveries. When I'm doing it, it's a lot of fun. I get to have a little Christmas spirit for just a night and it feels good. For that moment, I actually feel the reason and purpose. I feel like I can celebrate making it through another tough season and as part of that survival, I can share something else with others near and far.

But I choke it off right after and I replace those fun moments with the memories that have haunted me since I was a kid. There was the stress of seeing family and everything had to look perfect. We had to leave on time. If we were late, then the entire drive down was screaming fits. Now, the same guy wants to talk about the season like it's the most hallowed time, not the most harried.

When I lived in LA, I really never got into it. I made myself the outsider so it never mattered. That brought me peace, but it also isolated me. I never belonged. I would go back home and pretend. I liked being around my grandmother, after my grandfather passed away, but it was never the same. She was tired and my mother played the martyr. Like my father, she wanted the veneer of perfection. They only cared about the substance. They embraced commercialism because the spirituality was meaningless to both of them. Even now, I see my dad's new "religious" attitude as fear. He's afraid of his own mortality. What if he dies and the whole G_d & Yeshua thing is real, and he didn't play along. He's hedging his bets. However, he still finds ways to use his means to reward or punish according to his ever-changing grievance list. I think Festivus would be better for him. He could feel free to tell everyone where they don't measure up and then feel superior. I'm tired of the scorekeeping and judgement.

Unrelated, but yesterday's call really exhausted me. I feel like I can't say what I want. Dude, you entered into this situation because you wanted to buy access. You helped teach him that everything was pay for play and now you're frustrated and exasperated that everything I told you has come to pass. You've watched him lie to your face and you act like it was no big deal. I get that he's not your kid, but I hold my grandkids to a standard of behaviour based on what my daughter teaches them. It's not hard for me, it can't be hard for you. 

I also want to tell him that I'm angry and hurt that he was so successful in ruining so many things, like Christmas, and leaving me hating myself and so many parts of my life and yet, he does along and brags to everyone what I've done in spite of him like he had something to do with it. He made me feel small, worthless, and uncertain. It feels like I can never achieve enough to compensate for it. I've reinvented myself so many times that I should write the self-help book on it. But it wouldn't do any good. I would need to read it and use it first.

I never bought into the G_d and Yeshua myth. It's too harsh a mythology for me. I can get behind making it past the longest night and stretching our good fortune to help others. 

Again, unrelated, but at work, I feel like the industry, overall, says they are interested in analytics, but they don't appreciate the work that goes into it. They have moved on from data analysis and data science and have moved into AI. It can do everything. I feel like I'm on the wrong side of the curve. I see where I can make subtle changes to stay in the right places, focusing on KPIs, metrics, etc. Maybe that's the answer. I'm looking at the past data because I know it contains intelligence. How do I move it along into something that is useful now? Am I just so hide bound that I'm missing what I can do? It's not reinvention, it's tweaking. 

I'm tired of being a miserable person and draining a wonderful woman who has tried to love and support me through everything. I've repaid that love and support with bitterness and acrimony many days. Yes, I was there when she needed me the most in 2019 and every other hospitalization. I was there for her because I wanted to be there. I still want to be there with her and for her. I have a whole host of whining thoughts right now. Maybe this time it's "toughen up dude! Quit wallowing! You're damn well better off than most!"
