# 2025-11-05

## Carry Over

This morning, starts with meetings that should have happened yesterday, but have moved because DECC personnel cannot be arsed to attend scheduled meetings.

Got a contact through LinkedIn from a company that does CAD consultancies. That could be interesting at this point. I might have overwhelmed them out of the gate and that wouldn't be a bad thing.

### Stats Blog

I'm working on setting up the information with the hybrid call takers. I have that finished. I am switching over to clean up some stuff and see what else I can add that will make sense.

I've noticed a problem with Emmy and her call times. This is something that, after the blog is created and deployed, will be an issue that the supervisors and watch officers have to address. I feel bad because I like her, but it's obvious.

Spoken to Karl about helping me set up a web server in the DECC space to serve the blog. I thought about using one of my Linux VMs. He thinks that we should just build a new server and be done with it. I will need to set up some form of access to upload the entries as they are created.

### Zoom problems continue

I am having too many issues using Zscaler. I've created a ticket in Cherwell to deal with that.

## New stuff

### Toastmasters

I heard from Mike this morning. I will have to do a two to three minute speech about the blogging process to qualify to use it as my L4 elective. Thankfully, we can use my dissertation defence as the L5 and I'm done with my first pathway.
