# 2025-07-15

I really must impove my use of this tool or another like it to take care of everything that bounces around in my head.

I have too many things that are in there on tabs all over the place and I want to start straightening them out better.

## Research topics for IAED

### Abstract - Marcus Alerts

In 2018, a biology teacher from Tappahannock, VA experienced an acute mental health crisis. This resulted in an officer-involved shooting which ended the teacher's life. In response to the incident, the Commonwealth of Virginia created the [Marcus-David Peters Act](https://dbhds.virginia.gov/human-resource-development-and-management/health-equity/mdpa/) (MDPA) to better coordinate responses to mental health crises and provide better support to the community. In July 2022, a new three digit access number, [988](https://988lifeline.org/), was launched throughout the United States and Canada to provide mental health support, extending the work of the National Suicide Prevention Hotline. In Virginia, MDPA has now incorporated 988 centers as part of the response profile and mandates that 9-1-1 centers identify and triage mental health related calls to assign the most appropriate response. This work seeks to investigate how a centre in Northern Virginia has complied with these requirements and adapted their operations to fulfill a vital role in addressing community needs.

### Abstract - 911 Outlier and Missing Data

During the life of a call for service, different events in the lifespan are marked with timestamps. Different software packages, inclduing CADs, may identify some of these points differently, but there are common points that can be identified and the distances between them measured and analyzed. When performing analyses on these time deltas, there are three categories of data issues that may impact the analyses. These are negative deltas where a subsequent event appears to occur prior to its preceding event, outlier values that imply large-scale time passage between two events, and finally missing data which prevents some deltas from being calculated for specific service calls. This work will examine and analyze the data from the City of Alexandria, VA and show how these three types of data issues can have a significant impact on how centre performance is viewed and communicated within the governing body and to the public.

## Personal Notes

I think I can half-jokingly state that I've read too many self-help books and I don't know that I've goten everything correct out of any of them. Then again, how many of them have I ever needed. I know and really do understand the basics. I have things to do. I grew up with a few assorted traumas that were give to me be traumatized people who didn't know any better. My parents were flawed and are both highly irritating in different and distinct ways. In the past, my lack of self-confidence was inhibiting to my personal growth. It also was an contributor to several foolish decisions that I have made in my life.

Some days, it seems I was 'happier' and certainly more congenial before I entered adult life. By adult life, I mean owning a house, parenting children, and generally having a bigger load of repsonsibilities. Living in LA, even when I thought I was married to Kate and the start of marriage to Jamie, I didn't have to do much more than go to work, come home, eat once in a while, and otherwise do the basics, and that was enough. I knew and agreed with Ellen that we needed to have our own house, I just never felt ready to take that on mentally. 
