---
creation date: 2026-07-23 07:35
modification date: Thursday 23rd July 2026 07:35:55
author: Dr. Tony Dunsworth
title: Daily Journal 2026-07-23
workday: true
---
<< [[2026-07-22]] | [[2026-07-24]] >>

# Thursday, July 23, 2026

## Starting Notes

The computer started a little late this morning. I don't know why that was. André reached out to me last night to let me know that he had seen that Renee's position has been listed on the City's website. So, Walt's intel that she had submitted her retirement paperwork was accurate. I thought he was correct from what she'd told me. The other interesting thing is going to be if she does go into consulting, is she going to reach out to me like she said or was that a smoke screen to make me happy? We'll see.

## ALX Work

It should be another relatively quiet day in the office. Several meetings at this point. However, nothing that isn't unexpected.
## DMA Work

I heard back from Brandon and April. He's set up a temporary login point so I can upload later, hopefully, tonight. April is concerned about being beat to the punch by APCO. I understand, but I'm expecting there will be a limited response. We will try to meet soon to discuss all of that.
## TI Work

Waiting to hear back from Kevin. I need to get the area emails out today at some point. Just heard from the District Director already wanting to get stats and graphics. I appreciate the desire to move forward, but she has enough problems still outstanding that I think that she could be a little more patient with people having day jobs.

I heard back from Rappahannock and Michelle. So that's scheduled. I've emailed all the other clubs in the area and let them know that I want/need to meet with them. So far, Michelle and her team and the other Michelle and Quantico/Stafford have been the best at communicating.

I've got a meeting scheduled for tomorrow with Michelle to talk about her club's concern.
## TODO

- [x] Write up the second intro email to my area.
- [ ] Review Chet's notes and last agenda for new survey question suggestions for next week's meeting.
- [x] i3 Argument
- [x] NG-PSAP argument
- [ ] Call Proc leaders meeting
- [x] Hybrid report
- [ ] Start compiling district statistics.


## Daily Mood Log


## Project Updates



## Research Projects



## Habit Tracker


## Daily Reflection


## Daily Tarot Reading - Thursday, July 23, 2026


## Blog Post Ideas


## Personal Measurements


### Interesting Links.

[R.E.C. Toastmasters](https://2409901.toastmastersclubs.org/calendar.html)
