# 2026-02-27

I get the fucking message. You don't want me to do anything other than stick with Alexandria until I retire and stay stuck as the CAD DBA remaining the workhorse that does everything for everyone; told how much I'm appreciated. However, behaviour has showed and continues to show that's a lie. I'm just the workhorse that ensures everyone else looks good.

You aren't serious about the LLC. It's just the carrot to keep me staying in the City so I can sit down, shut up, and do everyone's jobs for themd because that's what I do.

You don't want me to enter the private sector just in case the government doesn't end the loan forgiveness program. There are NO jobs at the state level and any other job would have to take into account either a long commute or relocation. Since the last one won't happen, it's simpler just to give up.

How I feel and what I want doesn't matter. It hasn't mattered in a long time. So, I will be your cash cow and everyone else's labour force and FUCK THE REST!

I will finish the contract with GovWorx as agreed. Then I will return their equipment and explain that I cannot take on a permanent role because you are uncomfortable with me leaving the public sector on a full-time basis. Then I will return to ensuring that Walt, Destiny, Tenesia, Renee, Ryon, and Vanetta all look good and I save the day. Maybe I should back out of NENA work as well. It doesn't pay anything and it takes time from whatever else you want me to do.

I got the message! I will comply! Really, what fucking choice do I have?
