# 2026-06-03

## Work - ALX notes

- [X] Hybrid calltaker report
- [X] Survey work
- [ ] Staffing Guidelines argument.

Excellent discussion with Karl about AI architecture. I can see that he's coming around to understand that limited resources and local implementation are better avenues. That might help him find ways to refocus this approach to the city and we can start making some better progress.

I've made better progress on the survey and I want to make sure I can deploy it later this evening to my personal site as a new folder that we can access as a preview.

Peregrine is using NVARCHAR and that might be a compatibility issue with CS because they only use VARCHAR. They are also passing parameters that imply that they are expecting a primary key as an NVARCHAR and the primary key is an INT. 

Discussing indices examination with CS. We may need to re-evaluate a few in a month or so since we don't have enough data.

## Work - DMA notes

Need to work on building the DMA site and get that finished later this evening.

## Personal notes

### Card of the Day

## Projects

[[AI_Training]] - I'm keeping this here so I can keep working on this project and see how to make things work better.

## Links

## Other Work Notes

### Blog Post Ideas

#### What I Learned speech

While this is not meant a blog post, it can fulfill the same purpose. 

This journey predates Toastmasters. It started in November 2022. I had submitted a bright idea for a presentation earlier for a conference in Arlington, Texas. The conference is called the "Early Adopters Summit" and is meant for forward thinkers in 9-1-1 to dream of what's coming next. My modest proposal was to start building a new staffing model for 9-1-1 centres. It was accepted and I was sent a themed slide deck to build the visuals to the presentation. According to the audience, I was a hit. I barely remember any of the presentation. I've watched the video a few times and I'm still mortified. I felt like I did horribly. I meandered through my presentation feeling like I was floundering. However, regardless of my feelings, I had 3 more presentations to prepare in 2 months in Florida to larger audiences. Those went equally poorly. In fact, in one of them, I was silent and held the mic for commenters while two other distinguished luminaries gave the presentation.

My wife heard my frustrations. Like my audience, when I practised with her, she was impressed and she gave helpful feedback. However, I felt she was still being kind. I knew that I had major shortcomings. She suggested I find a Toastmasters club. Her grandmother had been a Toastmaster and she had seen how it helped Florence when she had to make presentations to the base commander at Norfolk Naval Shipyards. I found my local Toastmasters club and I joined because the people felt like I'd joined a group of old friends. After I joined, I started the Presentation Master Pathway.

After a few speeches, I noticed a difference in a couple of presentations. In June 2024,  I had a presentation that was smoother and had better flow. However, the biggest test was cominig up. In October of 2024, I was ready to submit my dissertation for final acceptance. The last step in that process is the Oral Defence. I had to give a 45 minute presentation of my research, after everyone on the board has read it. I did two dry run presentations, one with my supervisor and the other with some of my fellow Toastmasters

[AI_Training]: ../projects/AI_Training.md "AI Training and Development Project"
