## ALX Work

- [x] Hybrid Reports
- [x] Weekly Reports
- [x] Create Rubrik accounts

Walt and Destiny are out this week taking a City-pain vacation at NENA. They are there to go shopping when we need to focus on this bloody project. Destiny wants me to run the CAD governance meeting since she and Walt are out of town. Whatever. There isn't anything to talk about with the primary drivers not available.

## DMA Work

## Other Work

- [x] Write up my notes about mental health for GovWorx

I sent that draft to Ellen for review. She made a few suggestions and I understand and will apply them because they are reasonable and protect my own IP. I will finish it off this evening when I'm off work and spending time on CompTIA.

## Personal Notes

- [x] Install Fedora LXQT on the HP laptop later this morning. 

### Card of the Day

## Projects

### Blog Post Ideas

Start writing the command line post:

#### When the old stuff becomes the new stuff

I started using Linux nearly 30 years ago out of necessity. I received an out-of-date Compaq Presario as a gift. I didn't have the money to afford the Microsoft Tax. Windows 95 was really expensive and at Fry's Electronics, a SuSE Linux operating system was $30. I couldn't get X Windows working, nor could I access the internet. I had a software modem and a video card that wasn't supported out of the box. Compiling the drivers was a mess that I didn't get right. But I started working on a command line. A couple of jobs later, I was taking care of an SCO Unix box that shows the copyright belonging to Microsoft. I wasn't hooked yet, but I kept working at the hardware until I got X Windows solved and I could get Corel to run most of the time. It offered WordPerfect and Quattro Pro, so I wanted to stay there. However, the command line was always lurking in the background.

Either way, while it was lurking, I was trying to avoid it all the same. I knew that it was more efficient and quicker, but I lacked the confidence. 

## Links
