# 2026-02-12

## Blog post notes

[This post](https://andybrownsword.co.uk/2026/02/03/is-the-accidental-dba-dead/) has been rattling around in my brain and it brought to mind the quote from Samuel Clemens *"The report of my death was an exaggeration"*. This seems to be in a vein of *The Death of SQL* which seems equally outrageous and rage-bait.

None of these things are going anywhere anytime soon. Most DBAs are going to still enter the profession through an accidental side door. Most data professionals will still rely on SQL for so many things. There are in-place OLAP offerings like [duckdb](https://duckdb.org/) that work wonderfully and extend SQL in ways I wouldn't have expected 20 years ago.

Periodically, I even hear that R is dead as a language for data science. I wish that we could eliminate the rage-bait and flame wars. R is still under active development, AI components are being added, the ecosystem is still under active development. Yes, in my forecasting world, it's a bit of a laggard, but if I want to change that with a library, I can do so as an open source project. I've even heard that Python was dead or dying; being replaced by a derivative language or a different programming language altogether. However, I'm still seeing every data science skill map emphasizing Python over any other programming language.

Let's go back to our first article here. I started as an accidental DBA nearly two decades ago. I was tasked with building and caring for a database to support a Moodle installation. At the same time, I was writing forms to interact with [PowerSchool](https://www.powerschool.com/). 
