## ALX Work

- [x] ~~EIDO JSON Argument~~
- [x] ICE/NITE Steering Committee
- [x] Hybrid report

Everything else seems pretty quiet today. The EIDO argument has been cancelled today because there are no comments to cover while we're in review. 

Karl advised that in the rehost, Amir is trying to hold technical discussions with CS, Destiny still is refusing to acknowledge that she has to work,  and APD is getting upset because they aren't being listened to.

I heard from Amy McDowell about getting the Governance working group off the ground. She's put us forward for at least one session in NOLA in January. I've come up with a proposal for a second session that focuses on the first two pillars, literacy and provenance. That means maybe 5 sessions in NOLA. I don't believe that ICE/NITE will need a session and I don't see that 911/988 needs me for a session. That leaves:

- Call Processing
- NG PSAP
- Staffing Guidelines
- Data Governance
- Literacy and Provenance

Greg gave me a laugh when he suggested that I didn't need to worry about Posit's Conference this year and that Databricks and Tableau were all I needed. Sure Marcia!

## DMA Work

I don't have a lot for this area today. However, I will start investigating Pydantic AI to see if I can add it into a statistical model. 

I did see that Nixtla has added Valeriy's Conformance forecasting model into StatsForecast as an available model. That could be worth a look. 

I heard from Simio and Beasley both today. 

## Other Work

Continue the work on the attitude adjustment project:

- [x] Address the formatting issues on Dosanko
- [x] Start some synthesis documents
- [x] Build a better daily template, looking to my current daily template as a consolidation point.
- [x] Start working through weaknesses and blind spots.
- [x] Add in Dr. David Burns and his Distortion and Depression work.

## Toastmasters Notes

## Personal Notes

I've updated everything here to start with a new daily template. I will switch to the new template tomorrow. I'm still getting everything together and created today.

I just received an email from Senator Warner's office about my passport that is even worse than Wittman's. It looks like the best advice is to fill out a new form and submit it all over again. I can do that. That appears to be the fastest. As long as I don't go into the State Department directly, I don't want to run the risk of getting a Trump passport and being denied entry anywhere.

### Card of the Day

## Projects

### Blog Post Ideas

#### Building the attitude adjustment

Recently, I had become hyper-focused on feeling burned out at work. That did not stay behind when the office day was done and it's been impacting my personal life and my relationship with my wife negatively for quite some time. I have too many things going on right now that need me to be in a better mindset. 

## Links

[Obsidian for VSCode]([Obsidian MD for VSCode - Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=willasm.obsidian-md-vsc)) so I can add integrations.
