# 2026-05-18

It's another Manic Monday. Well, it's Monday at least, so let's make the most of it. It's a tough Monday because I just want to go back to sleep. I think that is the temps getting to me.

Good meeting with Dr. K. I think that the repentance dream is more inline with my tendency to want to continuously punish myself for past mistakes. It's really time to move on and this might be my own brain's way of processing it.

I've sent viewable links to the various reports so I don't have to keep emailing things. It will make my emails shorter and it will make things easier for when people want to view a specific report.

Karl is fixated on avoiding Docker/Kubernetes at all costs. So, he wants to bypass CS and Octave to write an API interface between CAD and RMS in n8n. I agree that we could do something different. Thankfully, he's amenable to dbt and I think that is a better solution since it's built for this type of work.

Tiana asked me to do some calculations for her. My opinion is that she should have been able to do that for herself, to be honest. It only took me a few minutes using Excel, and if I can do it that fast, anyone can do it faster.

I am going to set up what I need for the SQL analytics project tonight after Toastmasters. So here are the links that I need.

- [duckdb ui](https://motherduck.com/blog/local-duckdb-ui-visual-data-analysis/)
- [duckdb and Jupyter](https://duckdb.org/docs/current/guides/python/jupyter)
- [duckdb & Jupyiter Medium 1](https://medium.com/@kaushalsinh73/duckdb-in-jupyter-an-analysts-secret-weapon-61e0ddb1ef64)
- [duckdb & Jupyter Medium 2](https://medium.com/@duckweave/duckdb-in-jupyter-interactive-analytics-upgraded-df2199f61f80)

I've been doing better about putting things together here. I think I'm going to continue the effort to make this work properly.
