# 2026-03-31

## ALX

Went on a rant yesterday, well not really, but it felt like it. We're reinventing the wheel when it comes to the rehost/upgrade project. Destiny is focused on getting the new *"pre-production"* environment ready to do what exactly? We're missing any sort of training plan. She claims testing is being done, but what testing has occurred and what needs done yet.

I proposed the following as a starting test plan:

1. Basic CAD operations, including call creation, unit assignment, manual unit progression, manual unit intervention, and other basic call processing.
   - Can you connect to CAD?
   - Can you sign in successfully?
   - Can you open the ECT and create a new call?
   - Can you manually assign units to a call?
   - Can you manually progress a unit through the call?
   - Can you manually close a call?
   - Can you manually sign on units?
   - Can you manually sign off units?
   - Can you run the necessary PowerLine commands?
   - Are our custom PowerLine commands working as expected?
2. Identifying and testing all previously identified and reported CAD issues where the vendor closed the ticket with the comment that the issue was fixed in a future release that is less than or equal to our current test version.
   - Gather a list of all tickets submitted to CentralSquare that were closed as *"fixed in a future release"* which should be fixed by the version we're testing.
     - This should be documented through an Excel spreadsheet colour coordinated to show outcomes for test assessment.
   - Recreate the environment that generated the error/unexpected behaviour.
   - Test that the error does not repeat.
   - Test that the outcome is consistent with normal CAD operations.
   - Record test results for all collected tickets.
   - Create new tickets for tests that failed.
   - Assess new issues to determine if they need tickets or if they can be ameliorated by other means.  
3. Test the mapping and routing servers to ensure that they function as expected.
   - Test the basic mapping functions
   - Validate that the maps display properly in the CAD
   - Test that the maps change properly when moving from one call to another.
   - Test any addresses that have been problem points that have been addressed in the most recent map updates. 
4. Test CIM configurations and deployment models until DECC, APD, AFD, and ITS Security are all comfortable that the system works as expected and meets a set of common requirements.
5. Develop and test the new ECT that telecommunicators will have to use in the new version. The UI feedback will ensure fewer headaches during user training on the new interfaces.  
   - Ensure that all of the components operate in default mode.
   - Check the tab-order and assess suitability with power users.
   - Test possible configurations with power users to create a final form. 
6. Test the basic C2C functions with ARL and FFX.
   - Can the testing partners receive requests for assistance?
   - Do we received requests for assistance from testing partners?
   - Can we ask for and assign their units to our calls?
   - Can they ask for and assign our units to their calls?
   - Can we see them progress their unit through a call sequence?
   - Can we progress their units through a call sequence?
   - Can we progress our units through a call sequence?
   - Can they progress our units through a call sequence?
   - Can we remove our units?
   - Can we remove their units?
   - Can they remove our units? 
7. Test any advanced C2C configurations and functions to see how much work will be required post-deployment to be prepared for Phase 2 of the NGX implementation.
      - Test the missing functions/components that will be used in Phase 2.
8. Testing the interfaces to ensure data movement happens as expected. During these tests, we can also verify that data is being produced and consumed while ensuring data integrity.
   - Basic interface testing to confirm data movement
   - Validate the output and input to ensure data consistency throughout the data lifecycle.
   - Ensure connections are following documented channels and are stable.
9. Testing the MLR configurations to ensure that the MLR now works properly as advertised by CS. I know this is important to CS because we've withheld funds until they have demonstrated that the solution meets our expectations and satisfaction.
10. Testing the mobile configurations for both "New Mobile" and MobileX for APD and AFD. During this phase, we may need managerial intervention from all stakeholders to ensure we have the necessary personnel and time to execute the tests, evaluate the results, and create a final locked-down version.

Once the tests are completed for each server and interface, we can take a full backup of the Virtual Machine, then use that as the clone for the new production and training environments. This addresses the **need** for a *pre-production* environment and leverages our current posture to ensure w can go forward.
