# 2026-06-08

## Work - ALX notes

- [X] Hybrid Reports
- [X] Weekly Reports

Karl sent out a good email asking for clarification as to what's needed.

Pulled some numbers from 2024 and 2025 for Tenesia. I made certain that I gave her the collection criteria for each set. The difference is between the ring time and the answer time. 

## Work - DMA notes

## Personal notes

Took Ellen to Hospital for her blood draw. Stopped at Dunkin after for drinks. Need to remember, in future, she wants her Iced Matcha Latte with oat milk, like my chai, and with light ice.

Karl asked me for something to make his local LLM work hard in Python. I think I can fill that bill pretty easily. I can give him an early version of a synthetic data generator and see what it comes up with.

I also have found a part-time job that I will apply to. Data Science SME for a university wanting to develop curriculum. I think that I qualify. It isn't great money, but it is a starting point to transition into teaching. 

### Card of the Day

## Projects

## Links

## Other Work Notes

### Blog Post Ideas

#### The Congregation of the Unbeliver

Between reading a lot of Buddhist philosophy with respect to LLMs and watching the ending of Good Omens on Prime (Not the way the book ends, but a sweet ending all the same), I found myself drawn back to my belief that there could be a creator God who just doesn't believe in that which was created. Perhaps some sort of Divine Accident that created existence, but the responsible Deity doesn't believe that actually happened. Maybe we're a shard of imagination that escaped. In so far as other religious movements have been created, this wouldn't be implausibe, but it could be entertaining. The first principle of Buddhist philosophy is that a constant in life is the tension with attachment. We attach to this world because we experience it. If it is an illusion of a deity that does not believe that it created this universe then the attachment is still faulty. 
