---
creation date: 2026-07-21 07:20
modification date: Tuesday 21st July 2026 07:20:37
author: Dr. Tony Dunsworth
title: Daily Journal 2026-07-21
workday: true
---
<< [[2026-07-20]] | [[2026-07-22]] >>

# Tuesday, July 21, 2026

## Starting Notes

More Toastmaster Training today

## ALX Work

It's a relatively quiet day starting out this morning. I want to start building out some ideas here and there.

I want to work out an engine that will allow me to do data analyses and graphics using duckdb, ggsql, and other tools since they are all SQL based and could be easier to work out in a pinch.

I might just start simply with a better notebook experience in Positron by following [this](https://positron.posit.co/tutorial-get-started-ipynb.html) tutorial and then move from there.
## DMA Work

It looks like I never received the security deposit back, so I've called Motel 6 to get it back. I'm also recording this via Pocket for posterity. They are saying that it has been refunded and I should see it in 3 to 5 business days. 
## TI Work

I have club officer training this evening. I'm also working on my template for notes. Even though I'm not the secretary, I think that this could be valuable for other clubs down the road, and I might release it as a template for others to borrow.

I think that it's just that I'm having fun exploring what I can do with Obsidian at this point.

I need to set a reminder for myself to ensure Devon is scheduled to speak on the 17th of August.

## TODO

- [x] Set up SimpliSafe silent monitoring for Evanston.
- [x] Finish Calvin's evaluation
- [ ] Write up the second intro email to my area.

- [x] Rehost / Readdressing update meeting
- [x] Hybrid Reports
- [ ] Toastmasters' Officer Training
- [x] Primary Vote
- [x] Trash and Recycling
- [x] Pick up at Lowe's
- [ ] Review Chet's notes and last agenda for new survey question suggestions for next week's meeting.


## Daily Mood Log


## Project Updates



## Research Projects



## Habit Tracker


## Daily Reflection


## Daily Tarot Reading - Tuesday, July 21, 2026


## Blog Post Ideas


## Personal Measurements


### Interesting Links.

[datum Theme]([GitHub - w0zro/datum · GitHub](https://github.com/w0zro/datum)) I kinda like this theme. 