---
creation date: 2026-07-22 07:30
modification date: Wednesday 22nd July 2026 07:30:22
author: Dr. Tony Dunsworth
title: Daily Journal 2026-07-22
workday: true
---
<< [[2026-07-21]] | [[2026-07-23]] >>

# Wednesday, July 22, 2026

## Starting Notes

It's shaping up to be a quiet day today. No arguments. No Toastmasters meetings. It's a grey rainy day. I will see what I can make of it today. 

## ALX Work

Today is a good day to get the Jupyter setup started and to lay out the DuckDb stuff a little more clearly. It's time to read a bit and play more. Curtis let me know about 6 servers in the CS ecosystem that were flagged by the MS Audit tool. I checked that the two running were both false positives. However, in creating a ticket with CS to address the others and audit them or change them if they are wrong, the CS agent informed me that they don't do that, then closed the case. That doesn't play.

I'm starting to build out the Jupyter setup. I think it could be really useful as I get more comfortable with it.
## DMA Work


## TI Work

I need to send out the emails tonight to the various clubs where I can. I want to reach back out to the division director too for assistance with R.E.C. Toastmasters. I was too focused, last night, on taking notes to ask anyone if they were present.

Received an email from the president of one of my clubs asking if I can talk to her and discuss an issue brewing in her club. Well, that's what I'm here for.
## TODO

- [ ] Write up the second intro email to my area.
- [x] Toastmasters' Officer Training
- [ ] Review Chet's notes and last agenda for new survey question suggestions for next week's meeting.
- [x] Hybrid reports.


## Daily Mood Log


## Project Updates

I'm going to start working out two different projects that could benefit both ALX and DMA. One is just building something in Python that could be quicker to deploy than the R monster I've created. I want to edit that down the road. The other is to leverage DuckDb and ggsql to have a SQL-based analytics project.

## Research Projects



## Habit Tracker


## Daily Reflection


## Daily Tarot Reading - Wednesday, July 22, 2026


## Blog Post Ideas


## Personal Measurements


### Interesting Links.
