---
creation date: 2026-07-24 07:22
modification date: Friday 24th July 2026 07:22:38
author: Dr. Tony Dunsworth
title: Daily Journal 2026-07-24
workday: true
---
<< [[2026-07-23]] | [[2026-07-25]] >>

# Friday, July 24, 2026

## Starting Notes

Last night was rough before going to bed. Part of it was the the repetitive with the back bedroom, part of it was just tired, part of it was just feeling overloaded because everything seems to be happening at once.

Weird dream right as I woke up. I'm in a room, helping tear down a presentation. I have to be quiet because one of the women in the room is married to someone really jealous. I don't have any feelings towards her other than I've worked with her at this conference. There is another woman in the room and she's making all the noise when needed. 

I go into a second, adjacent, room and put my things together to get ready to head to a car and drive somewhere. I note that I have to take my earbuds out when I get in the car and end whatever I'm listening too. The room looked like a cross between a storage room and a bedroom, but really was neither.

Today, I feel Mike's admonition. I'm diligently documenting all of this, but is it really changing that much?

Now that I've been rolling in my day, I'm feeling a little better. I will write about this later because there is still a lot to cover, but I have better perspective at the moment and I'm making the conscious choice to **not** allow it to bother me or wreck my mood.
## ALX Work

Mainly meetings today. Walt's wanting everyone to celebrate Destiny going to another conference, this one for free. I guess there is that. Been busy running from meeting to meeting. Still nothing of substance from Waltiny, but I really didn't expect anything.
## DMA Work

Printed everything out for Ellen at the library. Some day, I will get her to learn how to print it herself. I'm wondering if it's worth it to be honest. I guess that's an argument for another day.
## TI Work

I have my call with Michelle from Rapp Toastmasters at 0930. I need to work on District Stats for Kim tonight. Still waiting on more data from Narayanan.

### Rappahannock Toastmasters Meeting

The call was interesting. It sounds like she's got a problem officer who wants to force things to be done his way, but doesn't want to say anything openly. I have told Michelle that I will go to their next executive meeting on Tuesday to be a presence. It's not anything unusual for an area director. I'm also going to go to their next meeting to be a presence and as support for a fellow leader.
## TODO

- [ ] Review Chet's notes and last agenda for new survey question suggestions for next week's meeting.
- [x] Call Proc leaders meeting
- [ ] Start compiling district statistics.
- [x] Hybrid Report
- [x] ICE/NITE Steering Committee
- [ ] Upload website bits
- [x] EIDO WG
- [x] 0930 TM Area call.


## Daily Mood Log


## Project Updates



## Research Projects



## Habit Tracker


## Daily Reflection


## Daily Tarot Reading - Friday, July 24, 2026


## Blog Post Ideas


## Personal Measurements


### Interesting Links.
