## ALX Work

- [X] Setup Obsidian
- [x] Data Flow WG
- [x] ICE Steering Committee
- [x] Hybrid Calltaker Report
- [x] EIDO JSON WG

Saw an unusual number of abandoned calls this morning, so I've alerted the watch officers, Tenesia, and Walt. There were over 300 abandoned calls yesterday. I've advised that everyone reach out to Carousel.

Apparently, Walt is trying to get Karl to commit me to making the APD mobile interface for them. Not happening without a tonne of bloody training. C# and Maui. I need double training, first on that, then on how CS wants it done.

## DMA Work

Nothing new to report
## Personal Notes

I've updated this to have more of my notes imported into this vault so I can start working on it in more than one computer. I'm adding some [[Obsidian Training Resources]] to my vault so I can start building a better way to use this.

One of the next goals will be to build a better daily template if I'm going to get further down the Obsidian rabbit-hole.

I'm almost finished with Book 5 in WoT. I should be into book 6 pretty soon. That should be interesting. I need to reread the series to ensure that when I hit the books I haven't read, I will be able to know where everything is.

The contacts are working great for distance vision and I'm adjusting to needing the cheaters to read close up. They are also feeling good in my eyes.

### Card of the Day

## Projects

### Blog Post Ideas

## Links

Since I use Hermes on my MacBook, [Obsidian for Hermes](https://hermes-agent.nousresearch.com/docs/user-guide/skills/bundled/note-taking/note-taking-obsidian) is a good link to configure it and make things work well. 
