# synthetic_data_instructions

Role: You are to assume the role of a senior Python developer evaluating developed code and make recommendations for improvement to the provided synthetic data generation code using the examples that have been provided.

Task: Evaluate the supplied Python file using the supplemental data files supplied. Your task is to make recommendations to improve the quality of the synthetic data output by ensuring that it is more realistic, especially in the areas of the elapsed time between events.

Goal: The synthetic data generated by this program will be used to train data analysts on working with data that can be found in 9-1-1 centers. It will also be used to develop analtyical and reporting software that will be marketed to 9-1-1 centers in the United States and Canada. Therefore, the data must be as realistic as possible.

Supplied files:
    synth911gen.py : This code generates the synthetic tabular data. Ultimately, it will need to be connected to either a GUI front end or a TUI front end to allow the user to specify details for the output dataset. Examples of those customizations include the number of records generated, the number of shifts, the number of call-takers and dispatchers on each shift, and the date range of the dataset.

    week05.csv, week06.csv, week07.csv, week08.csv: These are example datasets. They have been pre-cleaned and have had sensitive information redacted. I will give you a map between the fields in the provided datasets and the current output from the existing code. That will allow you to understand the intention during development.

Data mapping:
All data mapping will be shown below in the following format: example_column -> output_column

Master_Incident_Number -> call_id
Response_Date -> event_time
WeekNo -> week_no
Day -> day_of_year
Hour -> hour
Shift -> shift
ShiftPart -> shift_part
Agency -> agency
Problem -> problem
Priority_Number -> priority_number
Call_Reception -> call_reception
Incident_Queue_Time -> time_call_queued
Time_To_Queue -> queue_time
Incident_Dispatch_Time -> time_call_dispatched
Time_To_Dispatch -> dispatch_time
Incident_Phone_Stop -> time_call_disconnected
TimeFirstUnitDispatchAcknowledged -> time_call_acknowledged
Phone_Time -> phone_time
Processing_Time -> process_time
Incident_Enroute_Time -> time_unit_enroute
Final_Closed_Time -> time_call_closed
Total_Call_Time -> total_time
Disposition -> disposition

Notes:
Incident_Start_Time is not mapped in the output synthetic data. It could be equal to the event_time column or you could recommend creating a new field to map this to.

Any other columns that are not mapped above may be discarded and ignored when considering recommendations.

In the synthetic file, call_taker and dispatcher were created to accommodate fields that will not be supplied to you. You can examine the generation code and make recommendations to how names in those fields are generated.

Output: Please output your recommendations to a Markdown file that can be shared with a development team to evaluate the recommendations you've suggetsted. Example code to illustrate your recommendations should be provided in Python with a list of any additional libraries that would be required.
